## Log: Poway Recap, V2 

We did a complete reflection on our Poway competiton on 9/9 in our primary notebooks.
Please see notebook 2 page [] for a full recap 

As a quick summary, we won an excellence award that qualified us for the state championship. 
As such, our focus now switches to Robot Skills, which will potentially be worlds qualifying. 
The skills bot will be referred to as V2, it is a brand new robot. 

Programming skills will be a big part of this, and we need to put our best foot forward. It
is currently estimated by the community that 220 is the score needed for worlds qualification.
We currently don't know how much of this will be done through programming skills, but it is clear
that at the very minimum 8 moible goals MUST be scored to be competetive. 
We hope to be ready by 10/28 for our North San Diego regional. A quick summary of our plan for the 
skills bot is included below, so the relevant code will have some context:

- 8 motor turbo drive for speed 
- 2 motor mobile goal chainbar lift 
- 1 motor cone lift (undecided) 
- 1 motor cone manipulator (undecided) 

Poway was our first competition test of PROS, and everything was great! Our code was extremely
stable and succesful, auton worked every match during elims, and many of our qualification 
matches. All of our failures were alliance running into us during auton.

Due to how well this went, we will now be doing our V2 Programming skills with PROS, using 
our function library and abstract class system to gain the same advantgae we had during
autonomous. Port mapping, a finalized robot plan, and other details are going to be included
later. In the meantime, our new classes and functions will be documented. 

