When we started in early June, we used RobotC for our initial tests. These were quick scripts, and the important bits are documented in the primary notebook (See pages ). Our summer meeting schedule included June and August, giving us July to develop the actual code outside of school. Since we weren't familiar with C++, we spent a good amount of that time learning the language first. During development, we could only check our work through compilation, but not having access to the robot meant no runtime checks. Obviously, this is not ideal, and led to many issues. However, runtime tests (described on the next section) were done later. The development timeline is logged below.

**5/20/17-5/27/17: ** We learned C++ object oriented basics. Specifically, syntax specifics like constructors, pointers, inheritance. Many of the concepts are similar to Java, a language we already knew. We did this through writing simple test programs with C++11, not with PROS.

**5/27/17: ** Started development, settled on using the "Subsystem" organization. Since all subsystems on the robot are similar in their core (contain motors, sensors, reverse values) they all inherit from a pure virtual base class, which defines these basic properties and some basic functionality. For example, the setAll() function activates all the motors at the specified speed, while automatically reversing them as needed without need for specification with the function call. The commented subsystem base class is pasted below:
